but still we see and today growth
Russian currency why we ask Gleb
ass and which ends to us from
parents canals fisherman happy park hyatt
Gleb good afternoon please tell me
what is the reason for this
tolerance of the Russian currency is kind
day I think that now our course
national currency already throughout
quite a long time that is
throughout January
constrained artificially and lowering
rating of Russia by rating agency
standard end purse of course negative
affected the course of the Russian currency I
waited honestly for more stormy
the reaction in the market is because of that
parties to those quotes that we see
Now on the market this decision was already
pre- laid because of this
talked back in the month of December on the other
the parties believe that again the Russian
ruble is artificially holding back
the fact is that last year the ruble exchange rate
the dollar rate is more precisely that was laid
budget of about 37 rubles at the price of
$ 100 oil is a law budget
respectively , budget receipts from
oil sales in rubles should be
somewhere about 3800 rubles there if we
let's divide this cost into current
oil quotes that are in
around 50 dollars a barrel then we
must calculate very simply what course
the ruble now start the dollar should
be much higher
much higher than even 75 rubles and I
I think that it’s quite likely to end
the current week, the dollar will exceed 70
rubles and maybe even come close to
around 75 on the second as you can
comment on
standard and poor's solution
consequences for the Russian economy and
I think it threatens the financial system
that it is obvious to everyone now that this
the decision is probably more political
as the next portion of sanctions from
united states of america connection with
escalation of the conflict in Ukraine
I think that those investors who wanted
get out of Russian assets they already
long
long ago they came out if we talk about
increasing borrowing costs
now not very many willing to give
money loaned to Russian companies or
Russia as a state therefore I think
what a serious reflection on russian
in the Russian financial markets from everything
I probably won't find one yet
will be to this panicky sale
asset or active straight very buying
dollars first chief
driver for which now presses
Russian economy is low prices
oil it still remain relevant
thank you very much in touch with us and the studio
tv channel rbk gate park I rolled
Gleb asshole she really